---
layout: post
title: Notepad
date: 2018-09-10 12:00:00 +0300
categories: test
permalink: notepad
---

# NOTEPAD - COMMON

# ARTICLES

## Small talks - Weekend

- How you enjoyed your weekend?
- How did you enjoy your weekend?
- How was your weekend?



## ??? Does he prohibited clean his room VS Is he prohibited clean his room



## Traveling

### General

- Who went with you on your trip to UAE? 
- Is it a popular destination? 
- High season 
- Low season
- How long does it take to get there? 
  - Flying takes 6 hours
- As I had hoped 

### Clothes

- Should you adhere by the dress code?

- Do you cover your neck?

- Did not have to adhere to the dress code on the beach.

  

# Peoples

## Jennifer

- Jennifer's birthday on 29/11/2019
- Jennifer's mother and ex-boyfriend birthday on 22/11/2019
- Her ex-boyfriend teaches in the university. He teaches Russian language. Also he helped her sister with admission in the university where he works.
- Jennifer doesn't like cold Russian weather.

**Phrases**

1. You are not sorry! If you are sorry help me!

**Mothers words**

1. Do as much business as you can! One of them is going make your popular.
2. Don't give up! Put your eggs in different baskets. One is going to crack.

## Karyn 

- She lives in Atlanta (California).
- The temperature is quite stable, and all summer was about 30-35 degrees.
- Atlanta, 17 -> 2 degrees.

## Юлия

- Ездила в [Шарджа](https://tonkosti.ru/%D0%A8%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B4%D0%B6%D0%B0) в ноябре самый сезон. Temperature is 30-32, water - 25. High season in November. По погоде гуд, но дорого и скучно. 
- Her husband likes Austria, but she hasn't been there yet.



# WORKING 13.11 - 24.11

# SMALL TALKS

## Phrases - Illness

1. Be healthy
2. Take care of yourself
3. I'm feeling sick
4. How many sweaters are you wearing?

## Phrases

- The holidays are just around the corner
- I am looking forward to seeing you on Thursday!

## Weather

### Saint-Petersburg

- Temperature ranges from 30 to 34 degrees.
- Vitamin D - luck of sunshine
- Многих людей бесит такая погода!

### Decease

- I have a sore throat



## Phrases and word

1. Hi, Karyn. How are you getting on? (Как поживаешь?)
2. It's very convenient for me
3. Have a great weekend!
4. I am dying to find out!
5. Очень много эээ, уммм, Нужно говорить `more fluency`
   - You know..
   - So..

# Current 



## Pronunciation - TODO

- New York - [njuː ˈjɔːk]
  - She started a job in New York City.
- Fall - fell - fallen
  - He fell badly and broke his leg.
- Wake - woke (waked) - woken (waked)
  - I woke up with a headache.
- Taxi - [ˈtæk.si]
  - Shall we hail a taxi?
- Through [θruː/] - фру
  - They walked slowly through the woods.
- TV - [tiːˈvi] - [тивИ]
  - We could stay in and watch TV.
- Finance - [ˈfaɪnæns]
  - Regarding (In reference to)  finance workshop, Hannah King will lead it at 6:30pm. (~~As regards~~)
- Year - [jɪə(r)] -> [йиэа(р)]
  - How many years did it take?
- Clothes - [kləʊðz] -> **[клоз]**
  - I went shopping for clothes *<u>([cloz] not [clovez])</u>* and got a jacket and some shorts.
- [Author](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4885Cf4CLs) - [ˈɔːθə] -> **[oфэ]**
  
  - What does the author mean?
- Service - [ˈsɜː(r)vɪs] - **[сЁрвис]** not [cёрвайс]

  - What do you know about customer service?
- Percentage - [pəˈsentɪdʒ], Percent - [pəˈsent]
  
  - I'm a hundred percent sure!
  - Не используется во множественной форме!
- Hear - [hɪə(r)] - **[хиə]**

  - I don't hear you well!
- Weekend - [**wiːkˈend**]

  - How was your weekend?




## ARCHIVE of Phrases

- It helps to be focused on ....effectivity.
- Straight to the point (Приступить сразу к делу)
- Oh, maybe it's that (А может быть и так!)
- I don't get it (Я не понимаю)
- What's on at the cinema at the moment (Что идет в кино сейчас)
- I have a business (У меня есть дело)
- Oh, save us! (О, спаси нас!)
- I'll get back to you (Я свяжусь с вами)
- no probs - без проблем
- Taxi is over here.
- How you enjoyed your weekend?
- Sorry, it was nice talking to you but I have to go now. I have another appointment today. Bye.
- Regarding (In reference to) finance workshop
- I relate (I had experience)



## Phrases

- 9 am - nine am sharp

- My wife keeps grounded!

- My internet is messing up today

- How is it spelt (spelled)?

- I would treat anything he says with extreme caution!

- We had a big argument but now it is time to clear the air - 

- Golf isn't his cup of tea - Гольф не его конек.

- Put all your eggs in a basket

- I shouldn't have done it. (Я не должен был этого делать!)

  

# JOURNAL

## 25/11/2019 - Jennifer

- Hi, Jennifer. How are you getting on?
- I remember that you have birthday on Friday. What are you going to do?



**10 sentences - not checked**

1. Yesterday I met the ambassador of the USA in a grocery store, it was fun.
2. I'm feeling so bad, seems I get a pneumOnia. 
3. This cream is the best! It nourishes your skin ~~well~~.
4. But be careful a lot of cream might be harmful for soft skin.
5. I relate to LGBT bad. It's so strange.
6. Could you give me a yoga-mat? They're right behind you.
7. My immune system is exhausted. I catch cold every spring and autumn.
8. Could you dissolve this pill for me. I have a terrible headache.
9. The ice is melted on the both poles of the earth due greenhouse effect.
10. I blended an ice cream with some milk and got a cocktail.
11. ??? Ability - issue for woman, dependents





## 21/11/2019

**HW** - Create two emails - Business Writing. 

But Where are they?



## 13/11/2019 - Jennifer

- What happened!
- Pure accounting.
- Icon - international exam! 26 thousand rubles.
- Бугачевский accounting exam! 
- ITEL - 14 thousand rubbles.
- Tofel - 8-9 thousand rubbles.
- What would you do if you passed the exam.



## 13/11/2019

NOT CHECKED YET - Complete each question using a suitable verb.

1. a : I'm looking for Paul. **Have you seen** him?

   b : Yes, he was here a moment ago.

2. a : Why **did you go** to bed so early Last night?

   b : I was feeling very tired.

3. a : Where **are you** (going)?

   b : Just to the shop at the end of the street. I'll be back in a few minutes.

4. a : **Do you watch** TV every evening?

   b: No, only if there's something special on.

5. a : Your house is very beautiful. How long **have you lived** here?

   b : Nearly (Нели) ten years.

6. a : How was your holiday? ~~**Was it**~~ (Did you have) a nice time? (Странно звучит, 2а подряд)

   b : Yes, thanks. It was great.

7. a : **Have you seen** Sarah recently?

   b : Yes, we had lunch together a few days ago.

8. a : Can you describe the woman you saw? What **was she wearing?**

   b : A red sweater and black jeans.

9. a : I'm sorry to keep you waiting. **Have you been waiting** long?

   b: No, only about ten minutes.

10. a : How long **does it take** you to get to work in the morning?
    b : Usually about 45 minutes. It depends on the traffic.

11. a : **Have you ridden** a horse before?
    b : No, this is the first time. I'm a little nervous.

12. a : **Have you been** to the United States?

    b : No, never, but I went to Canada a few years ago.

    

## 12/11/2019 - Small talk about Weekends

Yes, I'm gonna go ~ going to go

- What are you gonna do?
- I picked up a new dress.
- It fits like a glove - fits very well
- cuter
- bulls
- To make an effort to participation it the confersation in English
- куда удаерние? weekend? **wiːkˈend**
- энтузиастикали
- It was pouring this weekend! It was raining cats and dogs.
- I was getting drenched! - Промок
- I feel you!
- I'm writing in response to your email.
- I hope this email finds you well.
- I would appeciate for you quick responce 

**h/w - Написать [email](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOyUn3i-4yZgHC-ky9WjeSpoTV-u3_n-Iot8DwAVENU/edit)**



## 07/11/2019

- Point of view
- Mind set
- People from another country have different mind set.

  

## 06/11/2019 - Create 10 sentences

1. There is still **abundant** food.
2. Dashed **nuisance** that you have couldn't done it.
3. Corporal punishment is **rampant** in schools and homes.
4. I have an instinctive **aversion** to him.
5. I'm a **wary** person, cautious by nature.
6. Her **notorious** brother is in prison.
7. I've got some **leftover** chicken or we could order pizza.
8. Barry is so **nonchalant**.
9. Careful, don't **jiggle** her.
10. I think **joggling** is a good exercise.



## 05/11/2019

pop over there
30 minutes
Go over there
drop in
Drop by
have some drinks
Private keep people out
gated communities



## 29/10/2019 - My speech 2

### Greeting

Good morning everyone, thank you for coming today. 

As you know, I'm Serzh and I'll be your facilitator today.

I'd like to review today's agenda with you.

### Absent

Okay, and before we get started I wanna tell you, that 

Igor Frankel (Java Programmer) is absent today. 

And Victor Manga (IT Manager) is also absent, he is sick.

They would like to send the apologies.

Okay, so, we can start now.

### Agenda

**9:00am-9:15am** - Welcome Announcements and news   

- At first, we are going to talk about "Welcome Announcements and news" from 9am to 9:15
- That is what we are doing now.

**9:15am-9:30am** Recognition of staff - Employee of the month for his quick response to the Nabisco account - Tim Simmons

- After this, from 9:15 to 9:30, Tim Simmons will present "Recognition of staff". 
- It will be about "Employee of the month for his quick response to the Nabisco account"

**9:30am-10:00am** Budget Status and planning - John Wicke-CFO

- Next on the agenda, from 9:30 to 10 o'clock, John Wicke CFO will do presentation about "Budget status ang planning"

**10:00am-10:30am** Project Updates Each manager to give a 5 minute update if you are behind schedule, on target or ahead of schedule

- After then, from 10 o'clock to 10:30, each manger will present project updates! 
- "if you are behind schedule, on target or ahead of schedule" and so on.
- Please, try to get it done in 5 minutes, we have very tight schedule!

**10:30am-10:45am** Break

- Then next on the agenda, we gonna have much needed break, Okay? From 10:30 to 10:45.
- Only 15 minutes. Be sure that you won't late and we can start on time.
- So we'll back on the meeting at 10:45..
- And Karissa Moorehouse (Agile Project Manager) will present "Agile Presentation", from 10:45 to 11:30.
- She will tell about 4 topic:

**10:45am-11:30am** Agile Presentation - Karissa Moorehouse - Agile Project Manager

- A new way to evaluate project management 				

- What did you do yesterday?

- What will you work on tomorrow?

- Do you have any obstacles?



And then finally, we'll have "Action Items AOB", from 11:30 to 12 pm.

We will discuss any other business questions..

**11:30am-12:00pm** Action Items AOB (any other business)



### Next meeting

After than we will finish out meeting, and 

the next meeting will be on 28 of November, this year, at 9:00 am in conference room D.

### Start day

Okay, we'll have a lot to do today!

And get started with first presenter Tim Simmons.



## Say about next and start Metting

## 24/10/2019 - Karyn

## [Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-Xn5PG-ilJjjNoXMiFblwPUZr6AhFkdmoh1gmy00T8/edit)

Video

- It's 9:00 o'clock. 

- Good morning everyone, thank you for coming today.
- I would like to welcome everyone. We hear today for a accordingly strategic planning  meeting.
- Our aim is review the pas codern perfomance.
- And discuss the next year goals.
- I'm Yulia and I'll be your facilitator today.
- I'd like to review today's agenda ... with you.
- We gonna talk first about "History of the organization"
- But first I wanna welcome some of the  participants. Distinguish participants.
- We have an
  - Executives
  - Professor Andrey, he is a founder and president. (He might say 'hello', how are you? you know )
  - We have Mr Igor F, he is CEO (си и о).
  - Vladimir, he is Executive Director.
  - Donnie T, Marketing Director
  - Me, I am IT Director and I am in charge the EMEA region (Europe, Middle East, Asia)
  - So, we have me, Yulia, I'm IT Director.
  - Like to welcome Evgenia. She is a Business Director.
  - Serzh is IT Director.
  - Welcome everybody!
  - Okay, and also I wanna tell you, that, we apologise.
  - Vadim apologies, he is absent today.
  - And also Andrey is absent, he is USA IT manager
  - He could make it overhear. He could get a wisa of something for Andrey.
  - We would like to send the apologies
  - Okey, so let's get started it.
  - Let me tell you a little bit about "a brief overview of our company"
  - Then we gonna have next on the agenda
    - Serzh will present "last quarter's strategic plan"
    - from 9:30 to 10:15, Serzh, IT Director EMEA, he will do the presentation "last quarter's strategic plan" , 
  - And next I will present from 10:15 to 
  - Make sure you say the time!
  - Then next step, we gonna have Yulia, myself, I will from 10:15 to 10:45. I'm gonna present "measures of success", mostly financial data from last quarter.
  - Then next on the agenda, we gonna have much needed break, Okay? From 10:45 to 11:00.
  - But  we wanna make sure that we get started on time on time. So we'll back on the meeting at 11:00.
  - We gonna move to the next item.
    - Evgenia will present 
    - She's gonna present for us 3 issues.
- Lastly before we break before lunch
- We will have Every One. We'll be involved in this, from 11:30 to 12:15.
- We will have open discussion.
- And these thins that we we gonna discuss: ...
- Then we gonna break for an hour for lunch 12:15 to 1:15.
- This lunch will be located in a large conference room. 
- So we don't have to leave the building.
- After we'll come back from lunch
- Donnie will launch into, from 1:15 to 2:15 "organization..."
- Then Donnie will hand it over to Vlad..
- Vladimir, from 2:15 to 3:00 o'clock,
- He's gonna do his presentation "Competitors/External Analysis"
- Oh, then we gonna have a much needed break, again!
- That will be from 3 to 3:15.
- Then we have two more sessions.
  - We gonna have from 3:15 to 4:15, Igor. He will be discussing our "vision .."
- And then finally, we'll have from 4:15 to 5:00.
  - Igor will lead group discussion:...
  - And how we gonna get there.
- Then at the end of a day, from 5:00 to 5:30, we gonna have recap
  - Yulia will be your facilitator
  - We gonna have "questions/ any concerns and any parting thoughts"
- And then will be the end of day ONE!
- Oh, We'll have a lot to do today!
- So, let's grab yourself some coffee.
- And get started with first presenter Serzh.

---

## My speech

### Greeting

Good morning everyone, thank you for coming today. 

Yesterday was excellent day, today we gonna have the third, the last day of our meeting.



### Absent

Okay, and before we get started I wanna tell you, that 

Donnie is absent today. And Serzh is also absent, it's not me, it's different Serzh.

They would like to send the apologies.

Fortunately, they don't have a presentation today..

Okay, so, now we can start.



### Agenda

As I said, I'm Serzh and I'll be your facilitator today.

I'd like to review today's agenda with you.

We gonna talk first about "Strategy"

- From 10:00 to 10:45, Evgenia will do the presentation.
- She's gonna present 4 topics.

After this, we gonna have much needed break, from 10:45 to 11 o'clock.

But we wanna make sure that we get started on time. 

So we'll back on the meeting at 11 o'clock.

- And Andrei will present

And then finally, we'll have Recap, from 11:30 .

- Igor will be your facilitator
- He gonna tell about

And then will be the end of third day

And we'll close the meeting.



### Start third day

Okay, we'll have a lot to do today!

So, let's grab yourself some coffee.

And get started with first presenter Evgenia.







## 12/08/2019

**Present Simple/Past Simple/Present Continuous/Present Perfect Continuous**

- Past Simple - 
  - I was on excursion in the Smolny Cathedral yesterday.
  - I went up to the the viewing platform of the Smolny Cathedral, which is 50 meters above the ground.
- Present Simple
  - The Bell tower of the Smolny Cathedral is the highest viewing point in the city.
  - The Bell tower of the Smolny Cathedral is higher then the colonnade of the St. Isaac’s Cathedral on 7 meters.
- Present Continuous
  - I am doing the homework and searching information about the Smolny Cathedral.
  - The Smolny Cathedral is being repaired at the moment.
- Present Perfect Continuous
  - The Smolny Cathedral has been repairing since 2015.
  - The business center "Naberazhnaya" opposite the Smolny Cathedral has been saling for 6 months for 600 million rubles.





## 06/08/2019 - Ronaldo

**Story** 

- I’m going to present to you an article about game between Juventus and Korea League Team. 

- There was the pre-season friendly game in soccer in Seoul South Korea between 
- The main star should been Ronaldo. But he stayed on the subs bench.
- Fans became angry when he made no sign of lacing up his boot.
- Many fans at the game switched from chanting Ronaldo's name to chanting the name of his great rival Lionel Messi.
- There were around 60 000 people on a stadium. And they were upset. 
- After game more then 2000 fans sued Juventus for compensation.
  - They was seeking compensation for ticket (70,000 won), for ticket commission fee (1,000 won), and also for mental anguish 1 million won.
- Normally in such cases people will be refunded the price of the tickets. But as the lawyer said there was false advertising.
- Many people were angry on Ronaldo and they said that Ronaldo betrayed them. They published about it on social media.
- The real avid fans wanted to protect him, but they can't, given the situation.



**After presenting the article, here are some questions for you to ask your classmates to see if they comprehended what you presented?**

1. How many fans want to sue Juventus for compensation?
   - Over 2000 fans
2. What team was Juventus playing in South Korea?
   - K League team
3. What did Ronaldo sit on? 
   - He stayed on the subs bench.
4. What did Ronaldo not do to his boots?
   - He didn't ever lace up his boots
5. How many people went to see the game?
   - 60 000 people
6. Where is the law firm the soccer fans went to?
   - South Korea -> Seoul
7. How much compensation for "mental anguish" do the fans want?
   - 1 million won each
   - I checked It is around 820 dollars.
8. What did a lawyer say fans would get back in normal cases?
   - Normally in such cases the plaintiffs will be refunded the price of the tickets
9. What did the lawyer say Juventus took advantage of?
   - There was false advertising
   - He said that Ronaldo didn't want to play.
10. How did a lawyer say the fans felt about Ronaldo?
    - Some of them want to protect him, but they can't, given the situation.





**Here is the article for you to present:**

**Summary**

Football fans in **South Korea** are planning to sue Italian soccer giants Juventus and its star player Cristiano Ronaldo. **Over 2,000 fans** want compensation after Ronaldo failed to play in a pre-season friendly against an all-star **K League team**. Juventus signed a contract to play Ronaldo for 45 minutes of the game, but **he stayed on the subs bench and did not even lace up his soccer boots**. Many fans at the game switched from chanting Ronaldo's name to chanting the name of his great rival Lionel Messi. There were also boos around the stadium. The fans have also been voicing their anger at Ronaldo on social media. One wrote: "He betrayed the **60,000** audience and belittled us. I'm no longer a Ronaldo fan."



**



**Article**

**Angry South Korean football fans are seeking compensation after Cristiano Ronaldo failed to take to the pitch during a Juventus pre-season friendly.**

The superstar was contracted to play 45 minutes when the match against K League All Stars was announced, organisers say, but he stayed on the subs' bench.

Fans became angry when he made no sign of lacing up his boots, even chanting the name of his rival Lionel Messi.

Some have now reached out to Seoul law firm Myungan to file a lawsuit.

They are seeking compensation of 70,000 won (£48.50; $59) per ticket, 1,000 won for the ticket commission fee, and 1m won each for compensation for "mental anguish".

"Normally in such cases the plaintiffs will be refunded the price of the tickets, but I put this under a special case since the company, through false advertising, took advantage of the football star's fans," a lawyer from the firm told Reuters.

"As for the mental anguish part, I'd like to say some of them are raucous fans, the real avid fans. So for them it is very painful because they love Ronaldo and want to protect him, but they can't, given the situation," he added.

"For now we have two plaintiffs who sued the company, but I have been getting a lot of calls today and I assume there will be some 60,000 more."

Robin Chang, CEO of The Fasta, the Korean agency which arranged the game, broke down in tears to broadcaster SBS and confirmed that the contract stipulated the Portuguese star appear for 45 minutes.

However, Ms Chang said she only found out that the 34-year-old would not be making an appearance 10 minutes into the second half.

"When I went to argue with (Pavel) Nedved, the vice president of Juventus, all he said was 'I also wish Ronaldo ran, but he doesn't want to. Sorry, there's nothing I can do.' I was so frustrated," she said.

South Korea's professional football governing body, K League, said a letter of protest has been sent to the Italian champions for violating the contract.

Many fans have been voicing their anger at Ronaldo on social media.

"He betrayed the 60,000 audience and belittled us," a fan who attended the match posted on Instagram.

"I'm no longer a Ronaldo fan."



**Here are some key phrases you may use:**

**WHAT ?** 

**Introduction**

- The article I’m going to talk to you about is 

- I’m going to present to you an article about
- This is an article about

- What I will talk about today is an article about
- The text raises a/the crucial question of … controversial issue (an) important topic old problem of …

- The news article

- deals with [+topic] 

- that addresses the issue of [+topic] 

- that takes a look at [+topic] (source)

**WHERE?** (if applicable)

- The setting is / was

- The incident took place in
- The event occurred in 

**WHEN?**

- The incident took place
- The event occurred recently long ago during the... in the... at...

**WHO?**

- The writer talked about if a subject (person) is involved
- The persons involved are / were … 

**SUMMARY**

- Basically the story is that of…
- the heart of the problem is …
- the core of the question is
- the main issue is 

**PARTS in the article or in your commentary**: 

- The text falls into 3 parts
- The text can be divided into 3 parts
- It is possible to divide the article into 3 parts 
- the second one … the last one … concerns … is centered on … is focused on … deals with … is based on

**Analysis**

- The writer wants to ... 
  - intends to...
  - show that… 
  - suggest that… 
  - indicate that... 
  - make us feel that...
  - make us realize that...
  - make us understand that...
  - the audience to understand...

**Your opinion**

- What I find the most 
  - striking
  - incredible
  - interesting
  - impressive 
  - unpleasant in about this ....... is that ....... 
- What strikes me the most in about this ..... is the fact the notion the idea that ..... 

**GAP-FILLERS** 

- Well .. 
- You see .. 
- Anyway to get back to the subject … 
- What I'm trying to say is that 
- What I’m trying to get at is that … 
- What I mean to say is that … 

**CONCLUSION** 

- Drawing a conclusion about the document, we can say that! 

- this is all based on 
- it all revolves around 
- what matters most throughout this text is 
- what it actually boils down to is the fact that the notion that the idea that 
- to sum up, in a word, in short, in brief, to conclude, in conclusion



## 01/08/2019

## Here is your topic for your extended speech

**Describe a website you often browse**

You should say:

- ***what is it***

- ***how long have you been using it***

- ***give details information about the website***

**and explain why you often browse this website.**

**Here is a sample speech to use as a guide:**

I will tell you what the website is, how long I’ve been using it, a bit about what is on it and why I visit it so often.

The website is the BBC news website. You can find it at [ www.bbc.co.uk/news](https://mail.lanit-tercom.com/owa/redir.aspx?REF=RllO8Rji4GVgTFxZaX6IQ8naClCgTFUcqHIXJkFBYiP_RwYNVhbXCAFodHRwOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jby51ay9uZXdz) but I just have it as a favourite on my toolbar. I am a complete BBC junkie! I visit the website several times a day if I can, and have been using it for as long as I can remember. Possibly for as long as the website has been in existence but definitely for the past ten years or more.

The BBC news website is massive. It contains rolling headlines of breaking news, and from the landing page, you can jump to sections on different types of news categories. For example, there are tabs for world news; health issues; environmental reports; education; sports; education and science as well as entertainment and arts stories. You can read just text-based articles illustrated with a few pictures – which is my preferred way of accessing news and information – or you can opt to see news film or audio clips. I think the website is really comprehensive and easy to use too.

The BBC news website, for me, is a one-stop location for all current affairs and news items. I really like that I can see the headlines of breaking news almost instantaneously, but it also includes more thoughtful reporting. Detailed online articles with considered analysis about global or local events.  I can also find out what the weather forecast is – always handy in the UK where it can change so quickly, plus I like to be able to keep an eye on what is happening locally to me in Sheffield where I live. I also trust the BBC website to give balanced reporting,  I think it has journalistic integrity, so I feel if I read it every day, I will have a good perspective on what is going on in the world, and enough information to come to my own conclusions on current affairs across the globe. The only downside of the website is that I find it can be a bit addictive! Because it is updated frequently it is tempting to keep going back and having another look if there is some running news item that I am following. It can lead me to procrastinate when I am supposed to be working, but I tell myself it is important to keep up to date with what is going on in the world, even though I know that really, it wouldn’t hurt to limit myself to news ‘fix’ just a couple of times a day!



## Google

### I'll try to give detail information about website, how long I've been using it, and a bit about what is on it.

The website is "Google". Of cause every user know about this website, 

I visit the website every time when I use my computer and have been using it for as long as I can remember. 

Possibly for as long as the website has been in existence but definitely for the past ten years or more.

### The main google feature is searching by Internet sites. 

I prefer google to different search engine like Yandex, Rambler, Yahoo and others. Google returns the most relevant search result for me.

### Also google gives free email account

I don't remember exactly how long I've been using email from google, but yearly I used mail.ru and rambler and others. **I can say the google's email is very convenient**.

### Google gives not only free email account

This account integrates with

- calendar
- notes
- tasks
- contacts
- and many different convenient tools, **google is comprehensive**. 

I use a lot of tools from google and it's awesome.

### I use google-calendar on my PC

and I integrated calendar with my mobile phone. It's very convenient to use from different devices.

### 






